[screaming]
GRACE
'Close your mouth. You don't
want to bite your tongue!'
Serena! Remember, you've got
to think like a Rhyhorn!
Easy for you to say! Aah!
I've competed in Rhyhorn races
around the world
and you can do it too!
Just stay with it!
Be one with Rhyhorn!
[Serena screaming]
Or not.
[growling]
Mom!
'I hate that!'
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Yeah you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Lumiose City Pursuit!"
NARRATOR Excitement filled
the air as Ash and Pikachu
arrived in the
Kalos region!
But as soon as
they arrived
Team Rocket was after
our heroes again!
However, a brave Pokémon
named Froakie saved the day!
But Froakie took a lot
of damage while battling.
We join Ash as he races
to Professor Sycamore's
Pokémon Lab
with an injured Froakie
in his arms!
[all panting]
BONNIE
This way! Hurry up!
Okay! Froakie,
you've gotta hang in there!
[WEAK]
Clemont! Go faster!
I'm running as fast as I can.
Ash, don't wait for me!
Get going!
You got it, Clemont!
I can't believe
how slow my brother is.
[James groaning]
Huh?
‐ Unforgivable!
‐ And embarrassing.
‐ 'Ash! This way!'
‐ 'Right!'
[all gasp]
That's it!
The Sycamore Pokémon Lab!
It's the toddling Twerp!
JESSIE
'Sycamore Pokémon Lab?'
JAMES 'It must be for
studying Pokémon.'
I'll wager all the strong
and rare Pokémon in there
would make you fall over.
[APPEARING]/[AGREEMENT]
[all screaming]
[panting]
Hello? Professor Sycamore!
Are you here?
[yawning]
Coming.
‐ Huh?
‐ Are you the professor?
[WEAK]
Froakie, no!
Huh? You know
this Froakie, professor?
I sure do. Sophie, come quick!
We've been so worried about you.
Your Trainer has been
in recent contact with us.
‐ Froakie needs help.
‐ Right!
[WORRIED]
Thanks, Professor.
We've been worried
about Froakie too.
So is Froakie's Trainer
on the way here now?
I'm afraid not.
He contacted us to let us know
he wanted to give up Froakie.
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
[panting]
You're so slow!
How's Froakie?
[WEAK]
Poor Froakie.
There's nothing to worry about.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
Sophie is the absolute best
at what she does!
Great.
I'm Professor Sycamore.
I'm a Pokémon researcher
working here in Kalos.
Nice to meet you! My name's Ash.
And this is my partner, Pikachu!
[EXCITED]
My name's Bonnie.
And this is my brother, Clemont!
It's truly an honor to meet you,
Professor Sycamore!
Pikachu and I got here today
from Pallet Town in Kanto.
‐ From Kanto?
‐ Right!
I'm traveling on a journey
so I can become
a Pokémon Master!
[AGREEMENT]
Then welcome!
Forgive me
for not thanking you yet
for saving Froakie.
It's much appreciated.
The truth is Froakie saved us!
So what's the deal
with Froakie's Trainer?
What happened that would make
him give Froakie up?
Well, one of my
numerous responsibilities
is to give Trainers
their very first Pokémon.
Froakie's a Pokémon
meant for new Trainers.
But this particular Froakie
is a bit different
refusing to listen to its
Trainer during battle.
There have been times
when Froakie ran away
simply because it didn't
like its Trainer!
And several Trainers
have come back to my lab
just to return it.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Huh?
You mean more than one?
[SHOCKED]
I'm sure Froakie acts
that way for a reason.
So Froakie's had a hard life.
I've heard quite
a few rumors about
a new Trainer's
first Pokémon like that
but it seemed absurd,
so I never believed them!
GARCHOMP [EXERTION]
PIKACHU [CURIOUS]
[WORRIED]
Oh! Check it out!
It's a Garchomp!
[EXCITED]
Garchomp lives here at the lab.
It has a good heart.
[WORRIED]
Garchomp, how are you feeling?
[HAPPY] [WEAK]
[WORRIED]
Froakie will be fine.
Don't worry.
You can thank these people.
Nice to meet you, Garchomp!
[AGREEMENT]
You really care a lot,
don't you?
Froakie's going
to be okay. Promise!
[HAPPY]
May I pet Garchomp too, please?
I've never seen
a real Garchomp before!
Of course. Garchomp
would really like that!
Yay! Aw, you're so cute!
Good Pokémon. Hey, you like me!
‐ Professor?
‐ Hm?
I've heard a lot about your
research on Pokémon Evolution.
‐ Is it true?
‐ Yeah.
There are a lot more Pokémon
living right here
at the lab than Garchomp.
Oh, I want to see them!
Well, I think we can do
something about that.
Cosette, look after Garchomp,
won't you?
Of course. Sure thing!
Huh? Aren't you coming, Ash?
Yeah. I'll catch up with you!
Oh, okay.
Hey, Froakie, I really want
to thank you for saving me.
PIKACHU
[THANKFUL]
Pikachu and I think
you're awesome!
[WEAK]
I don't get it,
I'd want a Pokémon like you.
Look what you did!
You cared enough to save
Pikachu. You're the best!
PIKACHU
[AGREEMENT]
COMBEE
[HAPPY]
[Bonnie laughing]
PIKACHU
[AMAZED]
Wow! Amazing.
So, Ash, how's Froakie feeling?
Much better!
Froakie's real strong!
Ash! I've never seen
these Pokémon!
There's almost too many
Pokémon to count!
Wow, there's even an Helioptile!
[HAPPY]
[EXCITED]
So, professor, what kind of
evolution are you researching?
SYCAMORE Well, if I
told you that Pokémon
may have an additional
evolutionary stage
what would you say?
Are you serious?
So you're saying that Garchomp
can still evolve?
Possibly. That's my research.
‐ Whoa!
‐ Unbelievable.
There have been several reports
about different Pokémon
evolving in a way
that we researchers refer
to as Mega Evolution.
Mega Evolution?
A lot of the mechanics
are still a mystery
but we believe
that a strong bond
between Pokémon and Trainer,
as well as a special stone
play a crucial role in evolving!
Strong bond, huh?
PIKACHU
[AMAZED]
What's more, a Pokémon's
able to return
to its previous form
after it evolves this way!
Ah! It can turn back?
MEOWTH
Mega Evolution. Strong stuff!
Further evolution,
after evolving!
The way is clear!
Every Pokémon's ours!
Catching time's here!
[APPEARING]/[EXCITED]
TEAM ROCKET
Shh!
Oh, fellow researchers?
We've come to research
Mega Evolution!
You have?
[all giggling]
[WEAK]
[CURIOUS]
MEOWTH We've come to be
of scientific service!
I wasn't told
anything about this.
‐ I'll check with the professor.
‐ Huh?
[indistinct whispering]
[EXERTION]/[CURIOUS]
FROAKIE
[EXCITED]
[EXERTION]
[SURPRISED]
That's the Froakie
that blasted us off!
JAMES Then that's the
one who should feel our
research wrath first.
So, let's get ready to research.
Now, please, step aside!
This procedure is not
for the faint of heart!
Voilà!
[SURPRISED]
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]
Aah! Oh, no, Garchomp!
JESSIE Not our intended
target, but whatever!
They did say Garchomp
might be able to Mega Evolve.
Let's roll with the punches!
It's a Garchomp grab!
Garchomp, we insist that you
come along for the ride!
[PAINED]
[DETERMINED]
Hey, that's Garchomp!
[PAINED]
Hold on! This isn't
how we planned it!
Come on, Garchomp,
go with the program!
Most peculiar.
[PAINED]
Garchomp!
Huh? What's going on?
Professor! Those three did this!
Huh? Alright, who are you?
GARCHOMP
[PAINED]
Prepare for trouble,
alright, we're us!
And make it double,
no muss, no fuss!
Oh, no, Team Rocket!
You are such
annoying bad people!
Team Rocket?
They're bad guys who try
to steal everybody's Pokémon!
Try? We succeed!
And today, Garchomp
will fill that need!
There's nothing like
doing an evil deed!
It can't be! A talking Meowth?
The wisdom gushes
out of my mouth.
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[all screaming]
TEAM ROCKET
Foul! No fair!
WOBBUFFET
[AGREEMENT]
[PAINED]
What, Garchomp?
What's going on?
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
‐ Look out!
‐ Whoa!
What was that for?
Hey! Look at Garchomp's neck!
[PAINED]
It's some sort of collar!
‐ It's from those people!
‐ What?
SOPHIE 'Garchomp jumped
in to save Froakie.'
[STRUGGLING]/[PAINED]
Garchomp!
[WORRIED]
Garchomp must be
in a lot of pain!
What's going
to happen to Garchomp?
Let's go after it!
[AGREEMENT]
Please be very careful!
Sophie, check to see
if the other Pokémon are okay!
Oh, Clemont, I wish we
could help poor Garchomp out.
‐ Then let's go too!
‐ Hmm.
[CONFIDENT]
Froakie, what?
Great! You want to come?
PIKACHU
[EXCITED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Froakie!
[PAINED]/[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[siren wailing]
Attention, citizens!
There's a Garchomp currently
on a wild rampage!
'Please evacuate
the area immediately!'
At present, Garchomp
is flying toward Prism Tower!
[EXERTION]
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
Ah! Garchomp is now unleashing
random Hyper Beams!
'It just aimed one
straight at our helicopter!'
'Garchomp seems
extremely agitated!'
Hm.
Have a look at this.
'Something unbelievable
is happening!'
Oh, yeah?
Well, something unbelievable
has happened to my face, okay?
Aah! Oh!
Huh?
What movie is this?
It's real! And live
from Lumiose City!
‐ Oh.
‐ Something awful is going on.
GARCHOMP
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
Garchomp! Huh?
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]
There you are, Ash.
[STRUGGLING]
I've gotta try
and get close to it.
Ah! But that's dangerous!
No, Garchomp's the one
who's in danger!
I've got to find a way
to get that collar off!
[CURIOUS]
Hmm.
I know! If getting close
to Garchomp is what
you need to do, I think
I just came up with a way!
You did?
There's an emergency
stairwell through that door.
Good thing
I brought my backpack!
‐ Huh?
‐ Hm.
The future is now,
thanks to science!
Alright, Clemontic Gear, on!
Aipom Arm, go!
Huh? Wow! Check that out!
[AMAZED]
‐ Now we can get in!
‐ Huh?
Man, science is so amazing!
You've got that right!
It's my brother's invention!
I must admit, I'm kind of
good at these things.
‐ Thanks, Clemont!
‐ Sure thing. What?
[both screaming]
FROAKIE
[SURPRISED]
Clemont! Bonnie! You're okay?
Yeah, but don't worry about us!
You just get going!
Okay, I'm on it!
‐ Officer Jenny!
‐ Professor Sycamore!
I'm so sorry about the trouble.
So where's Garchomp?
‐ Hey, up there!
‐ Huh? Huh?
MAN #1
'It's some kid!'
‐ What? It's Ash!
‐ Ah!
[STRUGGLING]
Okay, Garchomp..
[PAINED]/[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[explosion]
Oh, I wonder
if Ash is alright.
Please, Garchomp,
you've gotta calm down!
[PAINED]
[WORRIED]
There's a boy up on Prism Tower!
'Could he be trying
to talk to Garchomp?'
I wonder if that kid's
Garchomp's Trainer?
Garchomp! Come back!
[CALLING]
Hm.
Huh?
[grunting]
‐ There they are!
‐ Huh?
I can't believe how brave Ash is
when it comes
to helping out Pokémon!
I need to get up there!
Wait! I'm going with you!
[grunting]
Now.
‐ Take my hand, Bonnie!
‐ Thank you!
[grunting]
[PAINED]
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
I'm here to help, Garchomp!
WOMAN #1
'Unbelievable!'
'That boy has climbed
to the top of Prism Tower!'
[PAINED]/[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[Ash screams]
[grunting]
[ANGRY]
No, Pikachu.
[SURPRISED]
Wait!I don't want you
to attack Garchomp.
PIKACHU
[WORRIED]
GARCHOMP
[PAINED]
[grunting]
Pull yourself together, Clemont!
My legs. Huh? Where's Ash?
Up there! At the top
of the tower!
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
Garchomp! Can you hear me?
I know it hurts.
You're in a lot of pain!
[SAD]
We just wanna help you.
Please, let me get
that collar off of you
so we can go back down!
[PAINED]
Please. So what do you say?
Wait! Garchomp, look out!
[ATTACK]
Good thinking, Froakie!
[PAINED]
We've gotta destroy that collar!
[AGREEMENT]
[grunting]
Garchomp! Hang on and I'll
get this thing off of you!
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
Pikachu, use Iron Tail
on the collar!
[AGREEMENT]/[IRON TAIL MOVE]
[STRUGGLING]
Are you okay?
[WEAK] [DELIGHTED]
That must've hurt.
Help's on the way. Don't worry!
[WEAK]
[SURPRISED]
Huh? Pikachu!
[SCARED]
[grunting]
[all gasp]
Pikachu!
[WORRIED]
[both gasp]
What's that?
Huh? Whoa! It's you.
That Pokémon.
Thanks a lot!
[PLEASED]
[SHOCKED]
‐ Ah!
‐ Oh! What a relief.
[sighs]
[PLEASED]
‐ Hey, Ash, Pikachu!
‐ Huh?
Thank goodness the two
of you didn't get hurt.
We're both doing great.
And Garchomp's
all back to normal.
Thank you, Ash. Officer Jenny
is on her way to get them now.
Professor, about that Pokémon.
Great job, Blaziken!
[PLEASED]
[SURPRISED]
That was Blaziken's
Mega Evolution.
That's Mega Blaziken.
Mega Blaziken?
Another research topic for me!
Mega Blaziken!
Thanks for everything!
[THANKFUL]
[sighs]
What a relief!
Hm, that boy.
No, it couldn't be.
Hope you all got some sleep
even though it's a mess
in there.
Yeah! I slept like a log!
Best sleep I've had
in a long time!
Thank you for everything!
I guess your real journey
begins now.
‐ Doesn't it, Ash?
‐ Yup.
Oh, and by the way,
have you received
a Kalos region Pokédex yet?
Then please take this with you
'on your journey
and make good use of it!'
Thanks a lot, professor!
Are you ready to go, buddy?
[EXCITED]
Good luck with your research,
professor! Bye! Aah!
PIKACHU
[STUNNED]
[Ash grunts]
Froakie?
[EXERTION]
Hey! I think it wants
to go with you.
I can't believe it!
Froakie chose you!
It really likes Ash!
That's so sweet!
You think so, huh?
So, Froakie,
do wanna come with us?
[EXCITED]
Huh?
It's awesome you're coming
with us, Froakie!
Pikachu, Froakie's
our first friend in Kalos!
[EXCITED]
Yes! I got a Froakie! Yeah!
NARRATOR Our hero
has his first Pokémon
from the Kalos
region, Froakie!
Now, what other friends
and adventures await Ash?
Find out,
as the journey continues!
Breakfast! Eat it all up.
[HAPPY]
[chuckling]
Wow, Rhyhorn,
I have this feeling
something interesting's
about to happen!
[thinking]
It must be that boy!
Right. Let's go.
[theme music]